# https://www.docracy.com/0uzihxju7jl/technology-consulting-contract

5 Limitation on Warranties. This is a services engagement. Service Provider warrants that it has all necessary rights to provide the Deliverables, the Service Provider technology and the services as provided hereunder and Service Provider will perform the services hereunder in a professional manner.

6 Limitation on Damages. Client agrees that Service Provider and its personnel shall not be liable to Client for any claims, liabilities or expenses relating to this engagement for an aggregate amount in excess of the fees paid by Client to Service Provider for work performed pursuant to this engagement, and Client and its personnel shall not be liable for any claims, liabilities, or expenses relating to this engagement for an aggregate amount in excess of the amounts paid or payable by Client to Service Provider for work performed pursuant to this engagement. The preceding sentence shall not apply to (i) breaches of a party’s obligations set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement or (ii) Service Provider’s indemnity obligations under Section 4(d) above. In no event shall Client or Service Provider or their respective personnel be liable for consequential, special, indirect, incidental, punitive or exemplary loss, damage or expense relating to this engagement. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, Service Provider will not be liable in respect of any decisions made by Client as a result of the performance by Service Provider of its services hereunder. The foregoing provisions shall apply to the fullest extent of the law, whether in contract, statute, tort (such as negligence), or otherwise.a

# AIGA standard contract https://www.docracy.com/2817/standard-agreement-for-design-services-interactive-web-works-full-assignment

10.3 Limitation of Liability. The services and the work product of designer are sold "as is." In all circumstances, the maximum liability of designer, its directors, officers, employees, design agents and affiliates ("Designer Parties"), to client for damages for any and all causes whatsoever, and client's maximum remedy, regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be limited to the net profit of designer. In no event shall designer be liable for any lost data or content, lost profits, business interruption or for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising out of or relating to the materials or the services provided by designer, even if designer has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy.
