# https://www.docracy.com/0uzihxju7jl/technology-consulting-contract
4 Ownership.

a Service Provider Technology. Service Provider has created, acquired or otherwise has rights in, and may, in connection with the performance of services hereunder, employ, provide, modify, create, acquire or otherwise obtain rights in, various concepts, ideas, methods, methodologies, procedures, processes, know-how, and techniques (including, without limitation, models; templates; the generalized features of the structure, sequence and organization of software; user interfaces and screen designs; general purpose consulting and software tools, utilities and routines; and logic, coherence and methods of operation of systems) (collectively, the “Service Provider technology”).

b Ownership of Deliverables. Except as provided below, upon full and final payment to Service Provider hereunder, the tangible items specified as deliverables or work product in the engagement letter to which these terms are attached (the “Deliverables”) will become the property of Client. To the extent that any Service Provider technology is contained in any of the Deliverables, Service Provider hereby grants Client, upon full and final payment to Service Provider hereunder, a royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide, non?exclusive license to use such Service Provider technology in connection with the Deliverables.

c Ownership of Service Provider Property. To the extent that Service Provider utilizes any of its property (including, without limitation, the Service Provider technology or any hardware or software of Service Provider) in connection with the performance of services hereunder, such property shall remain the property of Service Provider and, except for the license expressly granted in Paragraph 4(b), Client shall acquire no right or interest in such property. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the parties acknowledge and agree that (a) Service Provider will own all right, title, and interest, including, without limitation, all rights under all copyright, patent and other intellectual property laws, in and to the Service Provider technology and (b) Service Provider may employ, modify, disclose, and otherwise exploit the Service Provider technology (including, without limitation, providing services or creating programming or materials for other clients). Service Provider does not agree to any terms that may be construed as precluding or limiting in any way its right to (a) provide consulting or other services of any kind or nature whatsoever to any person or entity as Service Provider in its sole discretion deems appropriate.
